Xinnuo
You're finally here, Manil
Does it look like this?
this is not your fault
Commitment time
Why did you come now?
look
I took our kids with me
Come
our
us
our children
our poor child
My mother can't see you grow up
Parents, I can't help you.
Manier
this this this
I've been hearing you talk about this for a long time
you and your family
They are very sensible people
This is indeed the case
We were wrong from the beginning
but i believe
As long as we make it clear
your elders
Of course it won't embarrass us
I wish even old people could do this
Lian Xiukai
The girl we agreed on is the yellow flower girl
Why did she still have a baby?
what do you want from me
Please leave me a message for Mr. Sun
no no no
Of course there is no such thing
Don't listen to their nonsense
Girl, you said you were
This girl is from her hometown
A clean reputation is most important
you just don't want to get married anymore
you can't do this
Just to achieve nothing
ruin your reputation
younger sister
I saw what this baby looked like
he was just born
It used to be me and my parents
When I go home to worship my ancestors during the Qingming Festival
I haven't seen you act pregnant yet.
How could this child be yours?
Sister Huaer understands very well
Is it possible?
I gave birth too
Manier, are you rude?
Ruin the reputation of the Lian family
How could Xiuer get married?
I will beat you to death today
You're causing trouble like this
Our Shure
How can you marry me?
empress, empress
I won't beat you to death today
Mother
stop fighting
It's difficult enough
Thanks
If you want to hit me, hit me.
Don't hurt Manier anymore.
let me tell you the truth
successively
Everyone knows what happened between me and Shen Nu.
Just because I'm afraid of ruining my reputation
That's why I'm so worried
You want to marry me into the Sun family
How much dowry did the Sun family provide?
We'll bring them all back
Of course there is no such thing
She's talking nonsense
any girl doll
Bullshit will take advantage of his innocence.
I'm watching you
Let's take five hundred taels of silver
spit it all out
this is me
Imagine it like birds playing on the city walls
waste of energy
How much is five hundred taels?
a lot of silver
uncle
You also said you didn’t sell me to be buried with me
Get a wife from the village
Twenty taels of engagement money
Already too high
knight
Now Wang Bo says five hundred taels
what happened?
dad
this
Sun family
Give me five hundred taels of silver.
but
Sun family
This is Qingfeng County
What a famous tycoon
They took five hundred taels
there is nothing
I
She proposed to Manil
Already climbed high
No other selfish motives
All this is for Manil
(Songjia, Qingfeng County).
give money back to others
He sent Wang Bo away
Tell the Sun family
Manier will never marry again
Your granddaughter can't get married in the first place
Do you still think you are a golden phoenix?
Lian Xiukai, let me tell you
Give me the money quickly
Otherwise no one would think about this problem.
this child
It came from this woman
Borrowed, borrowed
It's a tough journey, people
I want to thank you fifty-one times
But now my house is flooded
Bankruptcy
I hope grandma pays for this
you little bastard
How dare you lie to us
if
Let her stay here for a long time
You're bound to hear something too
Give her money and send her away
naughty
you treat me like a girl
A beautiful marriage turned sour
I haven't settled the score with him yet.
an old man
It's good for you
In turn blackmail us
Just open your mouth and follow us
You need fifty gold coins
I said give her money
Step down
naughty
you are so mean
an old man
Although this child is fake
But my relationship with Marner
this is actually true
after the flood
I'm the only one left in the family
stay alive
I beg you, sir.
Leave me with Manil
Do you want to live in our Lian family?
grandfather
just keep it
if you don't maintain it
He stays at the door all day
Villagers passing by saw him
shut up
let me think
roll
close the door
dad
no one else is here
tell my father the truth
This is five hundred taels of silver
what happened?
This is an ordinary family
this life
money you can't make
Do you really take Manier seriously?
Sold and buried
no no
dad
Cruel
Sun family
I saw Manierta.
That's why I'm willing to do this
five hundred taels of silver
Sun family
His family has a big business
Are you willing to spend a lot of money on an engagement gift?
I can not stand it any more
give up and send back
just don't have it
only
This is five hundred taels of silver
You really don't have to hide this from us
dad
that's it for me
for our family
Sun family
With Mr. Yunzhou
Very good relationship
if we stick to it
He doesn't even hold any official position
We will change then
All right
Manir is having an affair with someone
marriage is important
Stop making such a fuss
Xiao Qi
Where are the people?
elder sister
you little bastard
It's noisy outside now
Why don't you come out and take a look?
Mom won't let you
I'm just kidding
Brother Xinnuo
This is my brother Xiaoqi
Xinnuo
Why did you faint again?
Where can I find a doctor for you?
My sister is looking for brother Youheng
Brother Yang
Where is Brother Heng?
Is this Uncle Heng?
dad
That's almost it
We charge interest
What is most important?
I have no idea
Cruel
How to collect debt without being harsh?
Come
you make a stern look
Show it to my father
Come
Paid
Cruel
You want to default on your bill
know how to speak
What are the consequences of not calculating?
He cut off one of his fingers
Come
You want to default on your bill
all
Which one can
No
do you agree?
How to pay off debt?
you must be strong
Legs shaking
Be tough, be tough
Shake your legs like this
Come here and shake it
look at him
Point at him
pick up crutch fingers
He took two bites and spit it in his face
Where did you throw up?
He spit in my face
dad
Isn't this not good?
He spit in my face
from
Sister, run away
stop stop stop
do not move
Manier
what are you doing there
I'm looking for Brother Heng
then you go home
Which wall are you leaning against?
Go quickly
No, you won't get married today
Are you the Sun family in Qingfeng County?
Why haven't you left yet?
disengagement
I won't get married
withdrawal
disengagement
Breaking off the engagement is a good idea
I just can't get married
You said you would marry our man?
His family is actually Sun
There were not even arrangements for eight sedan chairs.
All it takes is a matchmaker
Come and pick someone up
What kind of marriage is this?
If this is my family's marriage, You Heng
Manier
How did you get here?
I'm going to collect debt
disengagement
Well, you can talk.
He cut his finger first
then talk about it
How long has your father been like this?
Mr. Shen
Why is it poisoned?
Encountered robbers on the way
desperate resistance
He was injured by bandits
exhibit
Then I'll use acupuncture first
Help you eliminate toxins
It's been a long time since I've stabbed a real person.
Xinnuo
Thank you for taking our kids
take it with you
Brother Shen, please spare me.
otherwise change it
Any experienced doctor?
you just made a mistake
There won't be a second time
some of them are very good
fully
Slower
and that child
The matchmaker believed it immediately
The matter of five hundred taels of silver
He was quickly deceived
Thank you Mr. Shen
Some tricks can solve the problem
my crisis
This mutual aid was very successful.
Grandpa definitely doesn’t want this
You guard the door every day
Being talked about a lot
you can stay
Brother Shen wants to live here
we agree
mutual benefit
Brother Shen
You're fine, rest.
Manier
Let's go out first
Don't disturb Mr. Shen's rest
Then I'll leave first
they are all dead
He actually dragged people alive and buried them
Aunt Zhang
I just heard you fainted
There are better
It doesn't matter
Manier told me
it's your job
I know
The young master’s house was flooded
On the way to escape, I met Manil
Now you plan to live in the Lian family
How many days to stay?
There is no one here
what do you want to say
Say something here
as far as I know
Shengya Village, Qingshan County
There were floods at the beginning of the year
But that area is full of bankers
Nasino
But not like those who work in the fields
calluses on his palms
Not the man with the hoe
It's like he's used to using a sword
Now I say I was poisoned
Only then will I fall into a coma in the mountains
Bandits often use Mongolian medicine
What's left in his body?
He is obviously a hunter
Commonly used trigger poisons
it will
he is a bandit
He is from their village
children from wealthy families
This young man practices martial arts every day
Dotyav
No need to work in the fields
That's why I don't have calluses on my hands
Manier
After all, the origin of this person is unknown.
leave it at home
What if the wolf is lured into the house?
our elderly
I promised you to stay
and
I still want to recruit you to be my wife
I have no idea
Master, are you ready?
Why not start today?
I am Aunt Zhang’s distant nephew
He is no longer with Lian Maner
unincorporated
Now that's a farce
This is only a last resort
What does Aunt Zhang think?
I will go to my father's house
as grandma explained
only
If Nai knew
you are just my nephew
I don't know if I can stand you
Manier
I know
Doing less is better than doing more
It's just that this thing has just been done
I have to keep people out
A little bad, okay?
Besides, this is Xinnuo
I'll take my grandma there today
but i'm angry
and let her spend it in vain
tens of pennies
Don't worry
even if i don't take any action
My breasts will definitely keep him away from me
eat slowly
How to use this corrupt wild girl to make powder?
Orange sugar spice and hawthorn flavor
You can eat Grandma Lian today
Make dessert
what an honor
I trust the food in this palace
Not as good as your man
How about these wild vegetables?
I cooked pork belly for you
It'll be fine in a while
For you to eat
Lian's grandmother
Although I came to Lianjia not long ago
But I also saw something
This company has a thriving family
Up and down
But you are the only one responsible
It's really not easy
This is wrong
They don't know that managing a family is not easy
There is food and drink in this house
include these things
It's all between my teeth
Choose one by one
They think I speak badly
Say I'm in a bad mood
Call me unreasonable
Say something nice
he can control them
successively
They are not fuel-efficient light bulbs.
You consider everything very carefully
I must have been like this when I was my daughter-in-law.
You must have suffered a lot
I've been my wife for forty years
suffering and suffering
more of them
real
you damn girl
Just know how to eat, eat, eat
Go sweep that yard
Sweep that arena
Sister Munir
Why don't you go sweep the floor quickly?
you
come and eat this
It's good to try it
very sweet
Is it tasty
this is a real dog
tasty
his little trick
I couldn't help but lie to grandma.
A woman who has never seen the world
grandfather
I will never be fooled by him
I heard the old man say
I was having a hard time
Along the way, he actually became a department store owner
My grandnephew really likes me
Where
Although scientists, farmers, industry and trade
But in this family
You have the ability to join the restaurant
you can still make money
That's a thousand miles away
It's hard to find anyone
simple things
Just don't mention it
At that time I
the whole street
By the way, please remind the store
There's nothing I don't know
very strong
This is all in the past
Not now, not now.
What? That's all
What are you looking at
The flowers were returned to me again
Although they are all young people from the city
Family background is also very good
Look at it, but what does it look like?
Not as handsome as Shen Nu
Mom, you are the only girl like me
I will definitely find you a good husband
but mom
I said I want all the flowers this year
Married into the Song family
When can I get married?
In terms of age, you are one year younger than her.
we are not in a hurry
This is not clear
Let’s go to the temple again
Ask the teacher to calculate
it's up to you
Isn't this the third sister's dowry?
I'm usually hesitant to take it out
How could it be in mother's hands?
She didn't beg me
She received her nephew Shen Nu
Don't take this dowry
I won't agree
It must be my mother
My daughter looks good in anything she wears
uncle
Why not send Lian'er there?
What a joke
Sun family
how so
Do you like Lian'er?
Also, the zodiac signs don’t match.
The old man knows
I might not agree either
What do you think we should do?
dad
my father, my mother, my father
He lied to all of us
What
this is that man
It's not like that at all
Lian Manil's lover
He is the nephew of my distant third aunt
It was the third aunt who pulled him out.
Banmanir's participation
really
The third aunt told Nai personally.
Pay back the money
The Sun family does not lack this.
Doesn’t Lian Shuoren have a daughter?
Is your name Lianhuaer?
If even Man'er can't marry,
Just please Lian Hua'er support me
Lian Huaer belongs to Lian Shouren
daughter in law
he is ready
Let your daughter die
little scientist
i can bear it
Since you dare to collect money
Then someone has to hand it over.
if you refuse
Even if they are pricked, the flowers have to be pricked again.
Butler Sun, calm down
The master who broke his promise is here
Butler Sun doesn’t know anything
This is Leanne Mannner
She didn't have an affair
No heir yet
It's all that girl's fault
It's just a play put on for someone
Ryan Manner
Still a virgin
Butler Sun, if you don’t believe it?
Which
What a poor woman
Come and prove yourself
only
It’s just that this girl is
Very annoying
So many evil thoughts
is 80%
She still doesn't want to get married
This is where the problem lies
Just keep the family stable
I have my own way of keeping people coming back
Kraft
where to
Is this where people live?
Why are you still swearing?
i live there
Although you have managed the entire family
Danlian's family situation
It's really limited
You can't stay at my house forever
so
Just move here.
Where is this money?
I can make it cheaper for you
one day
one hundred articles
Just this dilapidated house
You still have to charge me money
Of course I accepted it
You eat my food and live in my house
your aunt's
it allows you to stay
I even wore wedding hairpins.
These must be deducted
now you are broke
Then keep accounts
You're really the first one I've ever seen
Caught in the eyes of money
A woman who is not ashamed of anything
Thanks
Aren't you afraid that I will default on my debt?
Just rely on it
Just think I'm blind
under any circumstances
I don’t get rich off a little of your money either.
Here we are
Your grandma told you
clean house for me
You are an adult with hands and feet
What's wrong
Just talking
Make the old lady happy
I don't know how to work alone
This serious injury has not healed yet
Your grandma slapped me again
at this moment
I can't even lift the bowl
Can't you hold the cup?
He just took a rest
Save some energy
Do you drink water?
you
Xiao Qi
Let's go for a walk and see.
Fruits and vegetables are very fresh.
dear compatriots
Rich people give money
Intoxicating Hawthorn
take a look
Freshly baked colorful pies
Sugar Roasted Chestnuts
There were many delicacies in ancient times
Or don’t put it on top of food
Find ways to make money
Astonishing
Rich people give money
I don’t have the money to support my own show.
OK
These ten agricultural books
Jiubenzhu is in the water
This is agricultural literature
secret of wealth
president
You are a pig in the water
Can you give them all to me?
all
he wants money
Don't you want to eat this?
Who says we don't want to eat?
look
guest official
Freshly cooked pork belly soup
you have one
Serve immediately
Fried five-flowered kidneys
Here comes the waist flower
He came out of the pot
Sir, please feel free to use it.
Really long
Freshly cooked pork belly soup
It turns out that everything in the novel is a lie.
Xiao Qi
do you know
Where is Brother Ewing Medical Clinic located?
The wind and cold are coming
Make people's hair straight
Wind and cold attack the lungs
need to open
Three forks and three coins for bile
Jiulixiang three coins
Just one coin
A marigold coin and a silver plate
Is my medicine ready?
Do you have kidney failure?
You need to nourish your kidneys and qi
Open
vinegar schisandra penny
Dogwood is two years old
One penny of Poria cocos
One coin of peony bark
Come
blood trapped in the heart
Need to activate blood circulation and remove blood stasis
Wen Tongyang
my choice
Xuefu Zhuyu Decoction
Remove blood stasis and replenish qi
Reducing phlegm
Dispel the cold
That's it
You accountants all know medical skills.
Just as our city expects
Where is First Medical Center located?
Brother Yang
Xiao Qi
How did you get here?
Brother Heng
Brother Yang
Manier
You are still working as an accountant at the clinic.
My father doesn't allow me to study medicine
I couldn't help but lie to him
Work as an accounting intern in a hospital
I've been doing some research recently
Fixed recipes for common diseases
so
You can give to many poor people
Save some money on medical expenses
Keep some at home
That's it
look
This is Chinese patent medicine
I found this recipe
Great for treating colds
I just haven't figured out what to call it yet.
Three forks and three coins for bile
Jiulixiang three coins
Sangio
wind sensor
how
What does it mean?
I thought of it randomly
come
Are there any errors?
I just want to ask you
What herbs are there?
You can dig it up and sell it to medical clinics.
nearest medical center
Pyracantha is harvested year-round from the mountains
Just the price is not high
Only five cents a pound
The legs of a fly are also meat
I want to go up the mountain now
I'm coming too
Xiaoqi, don’t leave.
I’ve heard a lot about Haoshan recently
There are bandits infested
I will go with your sister
You're very careful, aren't you?
How could there be such misfortune?
fight bandits
Very unlucky
You stopped the wrong person
Neither of us have money
correct
This is the content of the link
you
You are from the sun family
Miss Manna is really smart
No wonder he deceived Mrs. Wang and others.
I advise you to obey and surrender.
Lest the sword blind you
hurt you
This little brother is next to you
No more knives and guns, right?
If you have something to say, let's talk about it
Big deal
we don't resist
Manier
no resistance
listen to me
Miss Marner is still aware of current events.
As long as you follow us
I promise you
It won't hurt
This guy has some sense
my wrist hurts
Hey, please tie it up
Butler Sun
Are my eyes okay?
He chased me quickly
Stop, don't run
Kraft
Where is this person?
The same to you
Did you see him?
Are scratches contagious?
Watch them scratch
I feel itchy too
The karma you just experienced
covered with thorns
After pollution
Causes extreme itching
within a moment
A red rash appears all over the body
He didn't say that before
you did this on purpose
I won't let anything happen to you
What's this
Antitoxin
OK
When was he chosen?
Everything in the world is in conflict with each other
Whenever I look for an antidote
Go where the poison grows
Just as I passed the vines
I picked it up easily
I thought the antidote
They all grow up on the edge of the cliff
Brother Heng is awesome
I think there's something wrong with this.
or
let's go back
he goes
This is the sun family
Burn his wife to death for his son
it is really hard
Do you think it’s bad for him to burn paper figurines?
Still cheap
Why must a living person be chosen to kill?
look at this situation
they should
I won't give up easily
Shen Nuo has already left the Lian family
forgotten
that boy
Don't know what method to use
I convinced grandma
he smiles brightly
My current situation is at home
Not as good as him
I don't know which of us will leave first.
He also made an agreement with my mother
Talk from now on
He is no longer the person I had an affair with.
In the name of my mother's sister's son
he lives here
This Shen Nulai refuses to leave my house
There must be some purpose
I'd better let him live here
See what he wants to do
don't be surprised
then practice
The sun is going to set
Why hasn't Lian Man'er come back yet?
duck today
Lian'er comes back every time
I don't know anything about this stinky girl
Where have you been lazy again?
Maybe like the second aunt
Let’s go to someone else’s house and chat.
The watermelon was cut
Why are you so slow this time?
You go to my mother's room
I would like a piece of Ai Xiang ordered and delivered to me.
Go quickly
Ryan Manner
Sister Huaer eating watermelon
how did you see me
I can not believe
Are you waiting for someone from the Sun family?
Tell you
Thanks for the clue
We have captured Lian Man'er
five hundred taels of silver
You don't have to repay
I do not understand what you are saying
Our flowers are simple and cute
How could you say that about her?
Give me the watermelon quickly
Simple and beautiful
Yes
What a unique flower
What about the pure white lotus?
as long as you know
the behavior of our flowers
like a white lotus
why are you laughing?
I'm laughing at you, sister-in-law
I don't know if I was used as a weapon.
Sister Hoyer
It's a pity you don't act
You actually said we are flowers
like an actor
I
Sister Munir
if i have something
if something is done incorrectly
you can tell me
Why are you humiliating me like this?
Give me the watermelon quickly
you
Lian Man'er, don't eat it
Mom, look at her
Give it to me quickly
you give me
come to my mother
Give it back to you, give it back to you and me
Ryan Manner
Go to bed after eating
No cell phone or internet
Not even an electric fan
I really want to
I miss my phone so much
I really want to watch TV series
this long night
How should I spend it?
I won't go I won't go
let me go let me go
murder is illegal
do you know
stop screaming
No one will find this
I originally planned
After you come down and live with my son
Notify family members
He said you won’t adapt to the climate after marriage.
he got sick and died
Now it seems
no longer needed
Mr. Sun, for the sake of his son
What a hard effort
but have you ever thought about
These are all myths
Don't believe liars
This won't do your son any good at all.
It will only increase his sins
so
let's not do this
A thankless and illegal thing to do.
Mr. Sun
Where will the beach be when I come back?
Thanks for the reminder, girl
After the girl left
I will eat quickly and pray to Buddha
Come and bless my son
that's not what i meant
I
It's not that you misunderstood
that's not what i meant
The time is coming, sir
It doesn't matter
Mr. Sun
before i get off
I have another wish
Girl, let's talk
I want to bring some money
very convenient
Take good care of your son
give her
Thanks
They're making a fire, come on